Our guys work.
In this section, we are going to be able to search for products.
In order to do this, we have to go to the inner screens directory and then the search underscore screen,
dot, dot file.
And the first step is to create a variable which is going to store whatsoever inputs the user is going
to type in year over year.
We can just go ahead and specify it is a type of string and we can call this variable such inputs and
for now we can just give it an empty string.
Okay, now we send the Cupertino's search test field.
It has a property we should send before it is known as unchanged.
And it's going to take in the value which is basically referring to the actual inputs.
That is the F and in the future we are going to be able to update the UI.
And in order to update the UI, we need to convert the stateless widget to a stateful widget, a light
and use control dots, then convert to stateful widgets.
Okay.
And now we can then set state.
Said State.
Set states and then we can assign the search.
Imputes to Ecuador the value.
Okay.
And now we are going to be using a stream builder in order to display the best product.
To do this, we have to go back to our browser and then head up to Firebase, dot flutter, dot dev.
And over here we are going to search for the one time read.
But as you know, the one time rate is basically referring to the future beta.
So we are going to be using the.
Sorry, not.
Yeah, I'm just going to go back again.
Okay.
One time we'd.
Like I said, remember the one time Reed is basically referring to the future.
But we are going to be using the real time changes, which is referring to the Stream Buddha.
Alright, we can copy from here to this spot.
Okay.
I'm just going to go down a bit.
So you see, it's clearly tense here.
And as you know, within the scaffold, it's as a property known as body.
And now we can paste this.
Is contrary to bits and make this wide.
And now we have same parts all this.
Okay.
In path.
And I think we have to get rid of this.
Okay.
And as you know, the stream is basically referring to the source of the data.
Right.
So what we can then do is get rid of this and we can then say, Firebase faster.
Sabah is faster.
Sorry for a stir.
Which if for a prediction.
Okay Dot stands then dot collection and we want to have access to the products collection and we then
have to say snapshot either trying to cover.
And for now we can get rid of this list time.
We're going to have it again very soon.
And over here.
We are then going to create a finite variable and we can call this variable search resource.
Okay is going to be equal to snapshot.
Snapshot.
Snob shirt.
So it's snapshot dot data.
Then the docs did remember the docs is basically referring to each product we have in the product collection
and I think we need this.
And we are then going to go further by saying those where what we are basically saying now is we want
to compare the search.
Impute that is whatsoever.
This is going to type in here with the product name.
Okay.
So instead of this, we can get rid of this arrow function and use this.
And instead of this long element, we can get rid of everything here and leave that e and at this.
And now we can return and we are going to say we are the E.
Then product's name.
Dots contains.
You can see we are not getting any of the prediction dots contains.
Search.
Imputes.
Okay.
Such.
That is, if we are searching for Gucci and if the search says Gucci.
We want to show only the product name that's relating to Gucci.
That's what we're basically saying.
And I think we need this.
This and this is basically it.
And now what we have to do is we can return a list view.
At least for you.
And at this now within the list view you can see this this view as something that is very similar to
that of the column.
It has the property known as children and we can get rid of this.
And what we then have to do is to map over each search results.
We have to do this or we just have to say is to call the search results.
Such resort.
Search Results.
NW Dot map like it's going to take in the it's going to take in the E.
Okay.
Get rid of this and we can break this down to the next line and then we can then return maybe.
Maybe we can just return a row for now.
And also, I think we have to convert this to at least I think all via dots to list.
I'm just going to show you this again over here.
Okay.
We can then say dart to list.
Okay, great.
And as you know, the euro has a property known as children.
And for the children, it's going to be a size box because basically we want to display the image first
size box, and we can give this size box the idea of maybe hundred and a width.
Or maybe Android.
Okay.
And you can then have a child.
We can then have a child.
I think we need this.
Get rid of this.
Sorry.
But when this is what are missing.
Over.
This is your.
Just go and do this.
Okay.
And that this we can then have a child which is going to be image that network.
Network.
And now this is going to be then we want to assess the product's image and overindexed to see what we
are missing.
I think we need this other train camera and use control and save.
And let's go check this out.
Okay.
Within.
Is not a subtype of string.
What could be the error?
Okay.
We also need to assess because this is a list of images, so we have to assess the first image only.
This is going to sort it out now.
Okay.
Sims could.
Let's search for the men over there.
Maybe men.
Just men clothes should be displayed.
Hmm.
I don't think we have any product such as men.
What can we do?
I think maybe.
Maybe women, and I think maybe men is inside.
So that's why you send this.
Okay.
What about iPhone?
You can see this in real time.
iPhone.
I think just iPhone is going to be displayed.
Okay.
I think we have a phone.
Phone?
Okay.
You can see just phone is being displayed.
Sims Very cool.
Okay.
In the next lecture, we are just going to continue from here, and I'm going to try my best to explain
this a bit more clear.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.